the European Union's foreign policy
Chief Joseph Borel has said some
European countries have been trying to
intimidate International court of
justice judges following their decision
to order Israel to stop its military
operation in Rafa Bell said the Court's
order must be obeyed but he warned that
the ruling poses a serious dilemma for
the EU let's see which is going to be
the answer of the European Union to the
ruling of the international court of
justice that has been issued today
which is going to be our position we
will have to choose between our support
of the international institution and the
rule of law or our support to Israel and
both things is going to be quite
difficult to make compati mediated
negotiations between Israel and Hamas to
reach a deal to free Israeli hostages in
Gaza are said to restart this coming
week the decision came after the head of
Israel's mosad intelligence agency met
the head of the CIA and the prime
minister of Qatar but Israel is
continuing its offensive in Rafa in
southern Gaza and fresh fighting in
Northern gasa is forcing displaced Gans
to flee
again the Israeli military released
images they say show an assault in
Northern Gaza where they say they
destroyed rocket launching
sites in nearby Gaza City strikes hit a
school killing a family fleeing the
fighting while they
cooked the UN says more than 100,000
people have fled Northern Gaza in recent
weeks here we are hungry and thirsty
with no shelter to settle in neither we
nor our children nor the elderly I'm
sick with high blood pressure diabetes
and a weak heart I have not found my
medicine and there is nothing to
eat further south and dear alala a
Palestinian family buries a young man
killed in an Israeli
strike we are tired there is nothing
left in us our children are gone we have
no
life in Rafa where Israel's offensive
was ordered to stop Palestinians are
still hoping for a
ceasefire we want the operation to stop
completely we want a final ceasefire we
want life to return to normal because we
are human beings
this is beyond the strength of humans to
cope with it's sad we're living under
occupation and it's our right to live
like other people Israeli officials
claim the order by the international
court of justice to Halt its military
offensive on Rafa allows for some
military action there to continue